[GConstruct] Allow parquet file as input for customized edge split (#798)
awslabs/graphstorm: docs/source/tutorials/own-data.rst

Customized label split
`````````````````````````
If users want to split labels with your own logics, e.g., time sequence, you can split labels first, and then provide the split information in the configuration JSON file or parquet file like the example below.

> When using parquet file as input, please specify the column object you want to use for your labels. The column object here can be either a string or a list with a single string.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When using parquet files as input, please specify the column object you want to use for your labels. The column object here can be either a string or a list with a single string.
```

        }
    ]

Parquet:

.. code-block:: json

    "labels": [
        {
            "label_col": "label",
            "task_type": "classification",
            "custom_split_filenames": {"train": "/tmp/acm_raw/nodes/train_idx.parquet",
                                       "valid": "/tmp/acm_raw/nodes/val_idx.parquet",
                                       "test": "/tmp/acm_raw/nodes/test_idx.parquet"

>                                         "column": ["ID"]}

Author: To match the behavior with edge customized split.

    ...
    59

> For edge data, users can do the similar thing as defining customized node labels to define the customized edge labels. The configuration looks same for JSON file, for parquet file, users need to specify both the source id column and destination id column in a list of string:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For edge data, users can do the similar thing as defining customized node labels to define the customized edge labels. The configuration looks same for JSON files, for parquet files, users need to specify both the source id column and destination id column in a list of strings:
```
